Jim Phelps and his team the impossible
missions force also known as IMF attempt
to retrieve the CIA non-official cover
list from the American Embassy in Prague
Phelps his shot his wife Claire dies in
a car bombing and the rest of the team
except Ethan Hunt are eliminated by
unknown assassins meeting with IMF
director Eugene Kitteridge hunt reveals
his awareness of a second IMF team sent
to monitor them and learns the job was a
setup
to lure out a mole with an IMF who is
believed to be working with an arms
dealer known as max as part of job 3 1 4
as hunt is the only member left
Kittridge suspects him of being the mole
and hunt flees returning to the Prague
safe house hunt realizes job 3 1 4
refers to Bible verse job 3:14 job of
being the moles codename Clair arrives
at the safehouse explaining she escaped
the bomb after Phelps aborted the
mission Hunt arranges a meeting with Max
and warns her that the list she
possesses has a tracking device he
promises to deliver the realist in
return for 10 million dollars and job's
identity hunt Max and her agents escape
just as a CIA team arrives hunt recruits
two disavowed IMF agents computer expert
Luther stickell
and pilot Franz Krieger they infiltrate
CIA headquarters in Langley steal the
real list and flee to London Kittredge
detecting the theft has Hunt's mother
and uncle falsely arrested for drug
trafficking he provides media coverage
of the arrest
forcing hunt to contact him from
Liverpool Street Station hunt allows the
CIA to trace him to London before
hanging up but his surprise to find
Phelps nearby Phelps recounts surviving
the shooting naming Kittredge as the
mole hunt realizes Phelps is the mole
having discovered that Phelps stole a
Gideon's Bible from a Chicago hotel he
also suspects Krieger as the one who
killed the other IMF members on the
prague job but is unsure whether claire
was involved hunt arranges with max to
exchange the list aboard the TGV train
to paris the next day on the train hunt
remotely directs max to the list
max verifies it and gives hunt the code
to a briefcase containing the payment
along with job in the baggage car
Ethan calls Claire and tells her to meet
him there meanwhile Stickle uses a
jamming device to prevent max from
uploading the data to her servers Claire
reaches the baggage car finds Phelps and
tells him Ethan will arrive shortly she
questions the idea of killing even since
they will need a fall guy for the money
when Phelps reveals himself to be Ethan
in disguise exposing her as a
co-conspirator when the real Phelps
arrives and takes the money at gunpoint
Hunt dons a pair of video glasses that
relays Phelps to Kittredge blowing
Phelps's cover as the mole Phelps
threatens to kill Ethan but shoots
Clarence dead when she intervenes he
climbs to the roof of the Train where
Krieger is waiting with the helicopter
and a tether Hunt connects the tether to
the Train itself forcing the helicopter
into the Channel Tunnel after the Train
Hunt places an explosive chewing-gum on
the helicopter windshield killing
Krieger and Phelps Kittredge arrests max
and recovers the list then reinstates
hunt and Stickle as IMF agents but Hunt
is unsure if he'll accept as he flies
home a flight attendant approaches him
and asks through a coded phrase if he is
ready to take on a new mission just as
she had asked Phelps at the beginning
[Music]
you